Welcome to the Free the Data Academy,
I'm Ben, I'm sure you knew that by now.
And I just wanna run through
exactly what this program entails
so you know before signing up what to expect.
So first off, this program is designed for you
to develop the key skills necessary
to succeed in the field of data.
In my almost two decades long span in this field,
I was able to discern, and train, and develop
so many people, and help them go from
an entry level position into directory level and above.
And it wasn't the technical stuff
that really made the difference,
and so most of what you're gonna find here
is non-technical, which is good because
these skills, you'll learn them now,
and they will serve you over many many years to come.
So, first off, level one,
this is the basics, everybody needs to go through this.
We cover all the concepts and everything behind
how data came to be what it is today,
how the different aspects work,
from organizations and how to work with customers,
to presenting information and even a little bit
of the technical stuff with the sequel section.
Now this is really great if you're brand new
and honestly even if you're a seasoned veteran,
I highly recommend this,
and from there if you want to go into the next level,
I show you in the tech foundations course
all the different kind of popular languages
and tools out there in the field of data now,
and I give you concrete examples that you can use
to either showcase this new skill you had,
to a peer or maybe a job you're trying to interview for,
and then after that, I take it to the interviewing side,
so if you're looking to actually interview for a job,
you can take what you learned
in the technical skills section
and make those demos and bring them to people.
And I show you everything that I know,
from being someone that interviewed at places,
to being a hiring manager,
having interviewed over hundreds of people.
So all that combined is what this program is,
and the main idea is that these skills
will be with you for years to come,
and help you achieve all the kind of success
and really make the impact
that you want to make using data.
So check out more info below,
and I wish you the best
and hope to see you on the inside.